{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 P5.js Favorite Food Week 4 Reflection
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \ulnone 		
\fs30 I have had a great time adding things to my Favorite Food piece every week. This week I got a bit carried away and just kept adding things. This week I changed the fonts and colors of each of my Text items to better match the theme of my piece. Since this week was about images and timers I added photos of a Fork and a Knife and also a photo of the Eggo logo which moves around the screen and changes colors as a nod to the infamous DVD screensaver. Unfortunately I wasn\'92t able to add a timer to my image but I did add not one but two intervals to other aspects of my piece this week. The first thing I wanted to add was a dripping syrup effect coming from the waffle which I used a timer interval to create a constant,  random range of \'93syrup drops\'94 every second. I also thought that It would be cool to add the affect of the dripping syrup to slowly fill up the screen the longer the syrup dripped.  And with a little help from ChatGPT I added a timer to slowly raise a function that imitated the look of liquid syrup, from the bottom to the top of the screen. I also wasn\'92t able to use an AI generated image because I used up all of my free generations this month trying to create something I liked but I wasn\'92t able to settle on something. I spent a while on this piece but I am so happy with how it turned out and with how much is going on really makes this piece come to life. }